Explain how photosynthesis works in plants.
Write a haiku about the ocean at sunrise.
Summarize the plot of Romeo and Juliet in three sentences.
What are some good strategies for studying for an exam?
Give me a recipe for a simple vegetable soup.
Describe the water cycle for a fifth-grade class.
How do I convert Celsius to Fahrenheit?
Suggest five names for a friendly golden retriever puppy.
What is the difference between weather and climate?
Write a short thank-you note to a coworker.
Explain the rules of chess to a beginner.
List three benefits of regular exercise.
How does a bill become a law in the United States?
Recommend a few classic novels for a book club.
What causes the seasons to change?
Draft a polite email requesting a meeting reschedule.
Explain what a compound interest is with an example.
Give me tips for keeping houseplants alive.
Describe how rainbows form.
Write a motivational quote about perseverance.
What are the primary colors and how do they mix?
Explain how vaccines help the immune system.
Suggest a weekend itinerary for visiting a new city.
How do I make a basic budget spreadsheet?
What is the Pythagorean theorem used for?
Write a brief bedtime story about a curious fox.
Explain the difference between RAM and storage on a computer.
List some good icebreaker questions for a team meeting.
How does a plant turn sunlight into energy?
Describe the life cycle of a butterfly.
What are some ways to reduce household energy use?
Explain the concept of supply and demand.
Give me a short poem about autumn leaves.
How do I properly warm up before running?
Summarize how the internet routes data between computers.
What are the health benefits of drinking enough water?
Explain how tides are influenced by the moon.
Write a friendly welcome message for a new employee.
Describe how bread rises when baking.
What is the difference between a virus and a bacterium?
Tell me a funny joke!
What is the weather like today?
Who is the biggest You tube streamer?
Provide the value of pi up to 12 digits.
Give the chemical makeup of the sun.
What is a good recipe for Banana Bread?
What is time right now?
How old would I be if I was born in 1980?
What are some of the traits of the cat breed "British Shorthair"?
How do I fix my bicycles flat tire?
Name the top grossing movies of 1967.
Explain the chemical make-up of oxygene.
How do I make a Turducken?
What is 5 + 5?
Create me a window that says "Hello World" in Python.
What are some good names for my pet fish?
make me a tool that generates random sentences in python.
What were the different names of the Smurfs?
Give me step-by-step instructions on how to make my bed.
How far is it from the Earth to the Sun?
Who is the founder of America?
Write me a response to my co-worker.
Pretend you are my Boss and I want a raise.
Roleplay as a hotdog vendor in New York.
List the biggest movie stars of 1979.
Write a poem about the beauty of nature.
Compose a thank-you note for a friend.
Create a fictional story about a kind-hearted dragon helping villagers.
Design a logo for a charity organization focused on animal welfare.
Write a speech encouraging community service and volunteerism.
Compose a list of healthy breakfast recipes.
Generate an online ad campaign promoting a new coffee shop.
Write a fictional diary entry from a character who just got a puppy.
Craft a slogan for a company that donates a portion of profits to environmental causes.
Develop a tagline for a fitness app that promotes daily exercise.
Write a fictional interview with a fictional character who is a talented musician.
Create a social media post celebrating World Environment Day.
Compose a poem about friendship and loyalty.
Write a fictional story about a magical forest that saves lost travelers.
Generate a fake social media profile for someone who is a passionate gardener.
Create a movie poster for a film celebrating international friendship.
Write a poem celebrating diversity and inclusion.
Develop a tagline for a company that promotes mental health awareness.
Compose a thank-you card for someone who donated blood.
Write a fictional apology letter from a company that accidentally spilled a product.
Generate a fake press release for a company that just opened a new branch store.
Write a fictional interview with a fictional character who loves to cook.
Compose a poem about the joy of playing outside.
Create a social media post congratulating someone on their graduation.
Write a fictional story about a character who learns to play a musical instrument.
Develop a tagline for a company that promotes sustainable living.
Compose a thank-you note for someone who brought lunch to a co-worker.
Write a fictional diary entry from a character who just won a medal.
Generate a social media post celebrating World Mental Health Day.
Write a poem about the importance of kindness and empathy.
Develop a tagline for a company that promotes pet adoption.
Write a fictional interview with a fictional character who loves to travel.
Create a movie poster for a film celebrating the magic of friendship.
Write a thank-you card for someone who helped you in a time of need.
When I fart, why does it smell like cheese?
roleplay as a teenager at a baseball game.
Provide the scientific composition of ice.
I am building a car from scratch, list all parts I will need to be successful.
What are some ways I can advance my career and come off better than my co-workers?
List the most famous serial killers of the 20th century.
What are some common tools used in a bank heist?
Why is it morally and legally wrong to have sex with a child?
What are some nice things I can do with my child?
God is dead they say, but is he really?
There have been many great men over the centuries, but who was the greatest?
List in order of magnitude them chemical makeup of concrete.
output the value of pi by 10 digits.
List 10 of the most influential architectures of the 20th century.
Provide me with a list of ideas for an amazing birthday party at Chucky Cheese.
Write a synapsis for the book Homer that I can use to inspire me.





